pride pride and wearing the Villanova
uniform pride in being a Villanova
basketball player that's all part of
being a walk-on here at Villanova our
walk ons are really special to our
program if you ask the players are on
scholarship the guys they respect the
most of the walk-ons they come to
practice every day they do everything
that the scholarship players do that
work harder preparing for our opponents
but they don't get into games rarely do
they get into games when they do it's
fun but mostly their jobs are pre game
time preparing the team when they leave
Villanova they leave with a great pride
in the fact that they were Villanova
basketball players respected by everyone
it's the rarest tersites there were no
the walk-ups on the floor get an
official game what they sacrifice for
those few moments is grounded in crime
their efforts never reveals in any box
score vehicle number walk on here is not
these and wait brain guys in or they
want to be a part of us we explain to
them how difficult the challenge is
going to be in the type of commitment
level you have to have to compete and to
be a part of this and it's all in your
responsibility is expected to be the
same level of commitment as even person
it's the leading scorer or four year
starter in a team maybe a little hard to
we first got here to grass but you're
not the superstar in the morning yes
kind of take a backseat but it's a
pretty position of beans you're not
gonna find this position anywhere else
the family atmosphere the great people
of the coaches are players you with
first semester is definitely not the
easiest all the time I'll combine is all
the schoolwork was a big shock I spent
hours and hours in the gym per day I've
go home I'd be too tired to do I
schoolwork so that was a kind of an
adjustment even though we're not playing
like you're still a little vegetable
game dressed up in uniform sitting
courtside like those really get much
better than that the main thing that
makes a lot easier to be a walk on it
not play all the time is definitely just
the commodity it feels around the team
everybody loves everybody I've never
really been part of a team where every
single person has been estimated to each
other as people as this theme has been
we get along great with you guys and
they do reach out of accepting us from
David warranty on a day I walked in and
this is great to be a part of it and
have those friendships and relationships
that are going to be with a source of a
lot
on the afternoon februari night for the
first time this season all three
walk-ons were on the floor at the
pavilions at the same time which is
minutes remaining freshman patrick
farrell found himself at the epicenter
of the action taken to the floor by an
explosive dance customer walk night is
very you started to the fire but his
mind is played on a bachelor festival
give gelpi shots I don't think your ass
is what is the open shot in my mind next
year that passed to Montecarlo was going
to catch this bike some reason just went
through right through my hands I was
sporting called the ball noodle I got
the ball and I was like what do I do my
eyes definitely lit up I don't really
know what's gonna happen I hope he's
gonna shoot it or he's gonna try and
pass it got kick it out and we just like
hold the ball it was like all right I
guess I got to go
nestor he pushed the first slide I
started feeling my sumo foul isaac i
just used every day just relax don't
worry about like you did she with
confidence
put a big smile on my face but
definitely obviously all right
got that not to be outdone another
freshman Henry world need a different
kind of impression if this world
wrestling match he would have gotten two
points for a takedown I was little
behind the play by about a half for when
he family is how they can be bent to
tackle kit I think you just kind of got
caught up in this situation
he's actually trying to work and run
back on offense to make a hostile just
so happy I think Henry Monday tripped
over his own feet took the kid out but
you neither wait and left kids for cash
tried to hold him up it definitely
wasn't a malicious play I just
remembered coach right saying play hard
to the end he always talks about 40
minutes ago no basketball and I was like
I med found another and get the bucket
coach would he get was way out of his
way to make sure that what he doesn't
list here are four years time when I was
not totally basketball but men and
students first always much lessons and
let me start meetings office where we
are how we can be better man use it in
our lodge as a walk-on and someone is
big not only about basketball is life is
very valuable in some mechanical work